Added text to "viral entry" (#199)
greenelab/covid19-review: content/07.pathogenesis.md

[How does SARS-CoV-2 enter human cells?]
[What cells are primary infection sites for SARS-CoV-2?]
[What structural aspects allow for viral entry]?
ACE2 receptors have been identified as the binding site for SARS-CoV-2 in animals and humans [@doi:10.1038/nature02145;@doi:10.1007/s00134-020-05985-9;doi:10.1128/JVI.00127-20]. 

> The virus invades host cells by using ACE2 for entry and the serine protease TMPRSS2 for S protein priming. 

Reviewer: Are you asking physically how SARS-CoV-2 can enter through hACE2? I think the receptor-binding domain (RBD) is able to tightly complex with hACE2 when the RBD is in an "up" conformation. The important binding residues are described here:[@doi:10.1038/s41586-020-2179-y] [@doi:10.1101/2020.02.19.956235]. Basically, of the 14 binding residues on the SARS-CoV S protein, 8 of them are conserved in SARS-CoV-2 and the other 6 are semiconservatively substituted. Proteolytic priming (by TMPRSS2, cathepsin B/L, or other proteases) of the S protein is essential, as it allows the S1 subunit to be shed, making way for the S2 subunit to fuse with the host cell membrane. Without these priming cleavage events, the virus cannot fuse with the host cell membrane. I tried to describe this process in detail in my PR (#203), but if it's unclear or incomplete please let me know!!

As for why tigers may be more susceptible, there are two possibilities I can think of. One is that tiger ACE2 may contain residues that allow for stronger interactions with SARS-CoV-2 S protein, allowing for tighter binding and more virulence. Alternatively, tigers may express more proteases (like TMPRSS2, catB/L, furin, etc.) that enhance S protein priming. A paper came out in Science a few days ago showing that SARS-CoV-2 infects cats quite well, whereas it doesn't infect other animals like dogs, pigs, chickens, etc. [@doi:10.1126/science.abb7015]. They don't discuss mechanism, but since tigers are similar to cats it would make sense that tigers could be more susceptible to infection!

> The virus invades host cells by using ACE2 for entry and the serine protease TMPRSS2 for S protein priming. 

Author: Thank you. @rando2  Sorry. I didn't go very much in detail.  @anskelly explained it very well.

> The virus invades host cells by using ACE2 for entry and the serine protease TMPRSS2 for S protein priming. 

Reviewer 2: Hi @anskelly that is super interesting! Thank you so much for the links!

It then fuses with the membrane and enters the cell via endosomes [@doi:10.1016/j.cell.2020.02.052]. 

> The C-terminal domain of SARS-CoV-2 S protein was identified as the key region in that interacts with the human hACE2 receptor. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The C-terminal domain of the SARS-CoV-2 S protein was identified as the key region of the virus that interacts with the human ACE2 (hACE2) receptor. 
```
I looked at the phrasing in the paper, it is a bit vague! Do you think this works?

> The crystal structure of the C-terminal domain of SARS-CoV-2 S protein in complex with human ACE2 reveals stronger interaction and higher affinity for receptor binding than SARS-CoV [doi:10.1016/j.cell.2020.03.045]. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The crystal structure of the C-terminal domain of the SARS-CoV-2 S protein in complex with hACE2 reveals stronger interaction and higher affinity for receptor binding than SARS-CoV [@doi:10.1016/j.cell.2020.03.045]. 
```

> The crystal structure of the C-terminal domain of SARS-CoV-2 S protein in complex with human ACE2 reveals stronger interaction and higher affinity for receptor binding than SARS-CoV [doi:10.1016/j.cell.2020.03.045]. 

Reviewer: I think we should be a bit careful when claiming that SARS-CoV-2 S RBD can bind hACE2 more strongly than can SARS-CoV S RBD. The paper you cited as well as [@doi:10.1126/science.abb2507] found stronger binding by SARS-CoV-2, but two other recent papers found comparable binding [@doi:10.1016/j.cell.2020.02.058] [@doi:10.1101/2020.02.19.956235]...
